
= General =
* Move old scans to backup dir with date in name instead of deleting
* Store settings used for scan in file alongside images dir
  - ScanConf
  - Camera setting (exposure and gain)
* Wait for camera picture before taking next step.
  - Currently using a step delay time.



= Scanning =
* Should be able to move to specific x, y cell within the current ScanConf
* Hard limits on ScanConf in motors_controller.
  - Scan area defines in terms of x, y edges instead
* More complex scan areas:
  - For example along edges
* Named marked spots with an easy way of going to them
* Pause/resume of automatic scanning
* Quick way of doing a finer scan of selected area
* Estimated completion time



= LEED Controls (old) =

- [ ] Display of current voltages from controller
- [ ] Adjustment of settings
        * "Sliders"
        * View current values based on what is echoed from controller
- [ ] Actuator of outgoing values
        * Keep target value per setting
        * Gradually move towards target value, slowly
- [ ] Scan loop:
        * Move motors
        * Take picture
        * Show some kind of live feed or updated picture (?)

- [ ] Lens offset and gain combines into L2_SET. Offset is UI-only.
- [ ] Suppressor enable/disable is UI-only,
- [ ] Reset sequence, upon shutdown and startup. Maybe not the same in each case.


= Controls: =
* Suppressor is percentage
  - Send each time beam energy changes
  - Also send L2_SET and L13_SET (no change, I think)



= Questions =
* What is EMI_MAX?
  - It is sent on shutdown
